add_movie Don 2006 Action,Comedy
add_movie Tiger 2008 Drama
add_movie Padmavat 2006 Comedy
add_movie Lunchbox-2 2022 Drama
add_movie Guru 2006 Drama
add_movie Metro 2006 Romance
add_user SRK
add_user Salman
add_user Deepika
add_review SRK Don 2
add_review SRK Padmavat 8
add_review Salman Don 5
add_review Deepika Don 9
add_review Deepika Guru 6
add_review SRK Don 10
update_review SRK Don 8
add_review Deepika Lunchbox-2 5
add_review SRK Tiger 5
delete_review SRK Tiger
add_review SRK Metro 7
display_user_review SRK
display_user_review Deepika
display_top_movies_by_year 1 2006
display_top_movies_by_genre 1 Drama